And disciplinary remains mercifully
Yes and um, I’m with you Derek, this star nonsense
Yes, yes, now which is it?
I am sure of it


So, so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell? Blue skies from pain?
Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?
A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell?
Did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts?
Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze?
Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange
A walk-on part in the war
For a lead role in a cage?


How I wish, how I wish you were here
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl year after year
Running over the same old ground, what have we found?
The same old fears, wish you were here
 
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way
Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain
You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today
And then one day you find ten years have got behind you
No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun


And you run, and you run to catch up with the sun, but it's sinking
Racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older
Shorter of breath, and one day closer to death
Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time
Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way
The time is gone, the song is over, thought I'd something more to say

Home, home again
I like to be here when I can
And when I come home cold and tired
It's good to warm my bones beside the fire
Far away across the field
The tolling of the iron bell
Calls the faithful to their knees
To hear the softly spoken magic spells
 
Hello? (Hello, hello, hello)
Is there anybody in there?
Just nod if you can hear me
Is there anyone home?
Come on (Come on, come on), now
I hear you're feeling down
Well, I can ease your pain
And get you on your feet again
Relax (Relax, relax, relax)
I'll need some information first
Just the basic facts
Can you show me where it hurts?

There is no pain, you are receding
A distant ship, smoke on the horizon
You are only coming through in waves
Your lips move, but I can't hear what you're saying
When I was a child, I had a fever
My hands felt just like two balloons
Now I've got that feeling once again
I can't explain, you would not understand
This is not how I am

I have become comfortably numb


I have become comfortably numb

Okay (Okay, okay, okay)
Just a little pinprick
There'll be no more
But you may feel a little sick
Can you stand up? (Stand up, stand up)
I do believe it's working, good
That'll keep you going through the show
Come on, it's time to go

There is no pain, you are receding
A distant ship, smoke on the horizon
You are only coming through in waves
Your lips move, but I can't hear what you're saying
When I was a child, I caught a fleeting glimpse
Out of the corner of my eye
I turned to look, but it was gone
I cannot put my finger on it now
The child is grown, the dream is gone

I have become comfortably numb
 
We don't need no education
We don't need no thought control
No dark sarcasm in the classroom
Teacher, leave them kids alone
Hey! Teacher! Leave them kids alone!

All in all, it's just another brick in the wall
All in all, you're just another brick in the wall

We don't need no education
We don't need no thought control
No dark sarcasm in the classroom
Teachers, leave them kids alone
Hey! Teacher! Leave us kids alone!

All in all, you're just another brick in the wall
All in all, you're just another brick in the wall


Wrong, do it again! (*Children playing*)
Wrong, do it again!
If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
(Wrong, do it again!)
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
(Wrong, do it again!)
You! Yes! You behind the bike sheds! Stand still, laddie!
(If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?)
(You! Yes! You behind the bike sheds! Stand still, laddie!)
*Children playing*
*Phone beeping sound*
 
Money, get away
You get a good job with more pay and you're okay
Money, it's a gas
Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash
New car, caviar, four-star daydream
Think I'll buy me a football team

Money, get back
I'm alright, Jack, keep your hands off of my stack
Money, it's a hit
Ah, don't give me that do-goody-good bullshit
I'm in the high-fidelity first class travelling set
And I think I need a Learjet



Money, it's a crime
Share it fairly, but don't take a slice of my pie
Money, so they say
Is the root of all evil today
But if you ask for a rise, it's no surprise
That they're giving none away

Away, away, away
Away, away, away
Away, ooh...

- Yeah -- (chuckles) -- I was in the right!
- Yes, absolutely in the right!
- I certainly was in the right!
- Yeah, I was definitely in the right; that geezer was cruising for a bruising...
- Yeah
- Why does anyone do anything?
- I don't know, I was really drunk at the time...
- I was just telling him it was in, he could get it in number two. He was asking why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. After, I was yelling and screaming and telling him why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. It came to a heavy blow, which sorted the matter out
 
The lunatic is on the grass
The lunatic is on the grass
Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs
Got to keep the loonies on the path
The lunatic is in the hall
The lunatics are in my hall
The paper holds their folded faces to the floor
And every day the paperboy brings more

And if the dam breaks open many years too soon
And if there is no room upon the hill
And if your head explodes with dark forebodings too
I'll see you on the dark side of the moon

The lunatic is in my head (Hahahahahahaha!)
The lunatic is in my head
You raise the blade
You make the change
You rearrange me till I'm sane
You lock the door
And throw away the key
And there's someone in my head but it's not me

And if the cloud bursts, thunder in your ear
You shout and no one seems to hear
And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes
I'll see you on the dark side of the moon

I can't think of anything to say except
Hahahahahahaha!
I think it's marvellous!
Hahaha...
 
Breathe, breathe in the air
Don't be afraid to care
Leave but don't leave me
Look around and choose your own ground

For long you live and high you fly
And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry
And all you touch and all you see
Is all your life will ever be

Run, rabbit, run
Dig that hole, forget the sun
And when at last the work is done
Don't sit down, it's time to dig another one

For long you live and high you fly
But only if you ride the tide
And balanced on the biggest wave
You race towards an early grave
 
Remember when you were young
You shone like the Sun

Shine on, you crazy diamond

Now there's a look in your eyes
Like black holes in the sky

Shine on, you crazy diamond

You were caught in the crossfire of childhood and stardom
Blown on the steel breeze
Come on, you target for faraway laughter
Come on, you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine

You reached for the secret too soon
You cried for the Moon

Shine on, you crazy diamond

Threatened by shadows at night
And exposed in the light

Shine on (Shine on), you crazy diamond (You crazy diamond)

Well, you wore out your welcome with random precision
Rode on the steel breeze
Come on, you raver, you seer of visions
Come on, you painter, you piper, you prisoner, and shine
 
Hey you
Out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old
Can you feel me?
Hey you
Standing in the aisles with itchy feet and fading smiles
Can you feel me?
Hey you
Don't help them to bury the light
Don't give in without a fight

Hey you
Out there on your own, sitting naked by the phone
Would you touch me?
Hey you
With your ear against the wall, waiting for someone to call out
Could you touch me?
Hey you
Would you help me to carry the stone?
Open your heart, I'm coming home


But it was only fantasy
The wall was too high, as you can see
No matter how he tried, he could not break free
And the worms ate into his brain


Hey you
Out there on the road, always doing what you're told
Can you help me?
Hey you
Out there beyond the wall, breaking bottles in the hall
Can you help me?
Hey you
Don't tell me there's no hope at all
Together we stand, divided we fall

(We fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall...)
 
Us (Us, us, us, us, us) and them (Them, them, them, them)
And after all we're only ordinary men
Me (Me, me, me, me, me) and you (You, you, you, you, you)
God only knows it's not what we would choose to do
"Forward" he cried from the rear
And the front rank died
The general sat and the lines on the map
Moved from side to side

Black (Black, black, black, black) and blue (Blue, blue, blue, blue)
And who knows which is which and who is who
Up (Up, up, up, up, up) and down (Down, down, down, down)
And in the end it's only round and round, and round
"Haven't you heard it's a battle of words?"
The poster bearer cried
"Listen, son," said the man with the gun
"There's room for you inside"

I mean, they're not gonna kill ya
So like, if you give 'em a quick short, sharp, shock
They won't do it again
Dig it? I mean he got off lightly
'Cause I would've given him a thrashing
I only hit him once!
It was only a difference of opinion
But really, I mean good manners don't cost nothing do they, eh?


Down (Down, down, down, down) and out (Out, out, out, out)
It can't be helped but there's a lot of it about
With (With, with, with, with), without
And who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
Out of the way, it's a busy day
I've got things on my mind
For want of the price of tea and a slice
The old man died